unit 1 where do you come from hello
hello
how are you I'm fine thank you and you
I'm fine thank you
where are you from I come from England
you come from England
do you like Manchester United I don't
like football no you don't like football
hmm I see why did you come here I came
for vacation you came for vacation are
you having fun yes I'm having a great
time what do you like the best about
here what do I like the best well that
people are very kind yes
the people here are kind do you like the
food
yes the food is great is the food too
spicy for you no I love spicy food I can
eat spicy food every day how much longer
will you stay here I will stay two more
days then you will go home yes then I
will go home where do you work I work
for a big company what kind of company
do you work for
I work for an import company and what
about you I work at a bank
huh are you a bank teller no I'm the
owner unit - how was your vacation
[Music]
hey how was your vacation it was very
fun oh where did you go
I went to the beach who did you go with
I went with my father mother and older
sister did you have a house at the beach
no we stayed at a hotel which hotel did
you stay at it's called the Imperial
have you stayed there before yes we've
been going there for years must be very
nice yes it's very nice and not too
expensive did you play in the water yes
I went swimming and I rode the banana
boats how about your older sister she
does not like the water she likes to sit
on the beach and read a book
what do your mother and father like to
do they like to eat in the restaurant
how long was your vacation three or four
days and will you go there again next
year
of course unit three do you remember me
[Music]
hey is that bill uh yeah do you remember
me from school I'm sorry I don't
remember you did we study together yes
and we lived in the same dorm - really
what floor did you live on I lived on
the ninth floor you lived on the seventh
floor that's right how did you know I
would see you in the elevator sometimes
I'm sorry I don't remember you
it's all right it was several years ago
well anyway it's nice to meet you again
Monica Monica sales right yes see so you
do remember me okay
so where do you live now I live in an
apartment
Oh do you live with your parents no my
parents moved to the country they must
be very happy there yes they enjoy it
very much
so do you live alone no I share the
apartment with an old friend
really a friend is he a boyfriend no
she's an old friend from school we've
known each other for many years how
about you bill where do you live oh I
rent an apartment I'm by myself do you
like it there yeah but it's kind of
noisy Oh
maybe you should complain with your
neighbors oh no no I'm the one who makes
the noise unit 4 I like your style
[Music]
hey I like your shirt Thanks it's new I
got it last week huh did you get
anything else no just the shirt where
did you get it I got it from the weekend
market how much did it cost it cost
about $12 really that did not cost too
much at all
yeah it's a good price huh do you like
to wear hats yeah I like to wear hats
but only in the winter time when it is
cold hmm
do you like to add jewelry I just have
this necklace that my girlfriend gave to
me Oh what do you think about fashion I
think it is important to be in fashion
do you have a pierced ear no I do not
have a pierced ear do you have a tattoo
yes I do
Oh what is the tattoo up it's a big blue
scary monster really Wow
are you sure yes I'm sure okay here's my
tattoo unit five family
do you have any brothers and sisters I
have one sister who is older you or your
sister my sister is older than me do you
get along with your sister
yes we get along okay how about your
parents
my father died many years ago I'm sorry
to hear about that my mother is fine
though
she is very strong and likes to work
what does your mother do she teaches at
a university that's great what does she
teach
she teaches Psych pardon me I do not
understand
she teaches psychology psychology I
understand now
how about you are you married I'm not
married yet I had a girlfriend for many
years but we broke up I'm sad to hear
that unit 6 returning a shirt to the
store
[Music]
can I return this what is it it's a
shirt what's wrong with it nothing is
wrong with it it just doesn't fit it's
the color wrong no the color is fine but
the size is much too small do you
remember when you bought it I didn't you
didn't buy the shirt who bought it
my friend bought it do you remember when
your friend bought it she bought it last
week okay good do you have the receipt
as a matter of fact I do
let me have the shirt and the receipt
please
would you like to exchange it for a
larger size
can I get cash back instead no but I can
give you store credit what is that
well the shirt was $19.99 right yeah
that's right well I can give you a store
coupon good for $19.99 or you can
exchange this shirt for a larger size
okay I'll take the coupon okay thank you
unit 7 do you have a pet
[Music]
do you have a pet yes I do
Oh what kind of pet do you have can you
guess
can I guess okay
do you have a pet dog no I do not have a
pet dog hmm okay you do not have a pet
dog do you have a pet cat no I do not
have a pet cat do not have a pet cat do
you have a pet fish no I do not have a
pet fish you don't have a pet fish huh
you cannot guess do you want me to tell
you no wait a minute I'm thinking give
me one more guess okay I'll give you one
more guess I know you have a pet monkey
what a pet monkey why would I have a pet
monkey because you look like a monkey I
don't look like a monkey you look like a
monkey okay I cannot guess what kind of
pet do you have I have a pet iguana an
iguana
how unusual where did you get it from
the pet shop
how long have you had it hmm about four
years Wow what is your iguanas name his
name is Winnie
weenie what does weenie do when he
doesn't do very much it's quite lazy Wow
what does when he eat when he's a
vegetarian when he eats vegetables
that's quite interesting unit 8 what
kind of food do you like what kind of
foods do you like I like all kinds of
foods really can you eat spicy food I
love spicy food the hotter the better
you are so lucky why am i lucky it's
terrible when I eat a hot pepper a Thai
or Mexican food yes I can but only if
it's really bland
do you eat out very often sometimes do
you have a favorite restaurant I do have
a favorite vegetarian restaurant are you
a vegetarian yes I am so about eight
chicken or pork no chicken no pork but I
do eat fish are you a vegetarian for
health reasons or religious reasons
mostly for health reasons hmm all this
talk about food is made me hungry
are you hungry yes I am
would you like to go to my favorite
vegetarian restaurant what is good there
well of course the fresh vegetables are
outstanding it sounds delicious
let's go unit 9 what do you want to do
after you graduate
[Music]
did you study yes I study at the
University what subject do you study I
am studying marketing okay and when will
you graduate I will graduate next
semester will you continue to study for
your master's degree no not yet hmm what
will you do after you graduate I'm not
sure yet
it depends depends on what it depends on
what kinds of job offers I get what do
you mean
well if I get a job that provides
opportunity I will take it what other
jobs have you applied for oh I've made
many applications to all kinds of
companies what kinds of companies did
you apply to Hotels factories import
companies what if you get a job
far away from home I would rather stay
close to my family what will you do if
you cannot find a job if I cannot find a
job I will stay in school and study for
a master's degree a master's degree in
what faculty I'm not sure yet I'll have
to think about it unit 10 planning a
trip
[Music]
let's get out of the city this weekend
yeah that's a good idea
I'm getting sick of being here do you
want to go to the beach we always go to
the beach let's do something different
how about camping camping that sounds
terrific all my ideas are terrific do
you have a tent no do you hmm
no but I can borrow a large one from my
friend how about a sleeping bag yes I
have a sleeping bag do you have one no I
don't do you want to share one with me
no thanks I'll buy a new sleeping bag do
you think we should go far far away how
much time do you have
I can leave Friday after work I can
leave Friday too wouldn't you have to be
back well I have to be back by Sunday
okay we'll be back by Sunday what should
we do while we're there do you want to
go hiking hiking okay but we shouldn't
go far from the campground if we stay
around the campground will you bring the
barbecue
of course what is camping without a
barbecue will you make your famous
hamburgers sure thing I'll make
hamburgers should we invite some friends
great idea let's invite all of our
friends this is going to be fun I can't
wait
unit 11 hobbies
do you have any hobbies yes I have
several really please tell me more about
your hobbies well I do like to collect
things really what do you like to
collect I like to collect stamps
really where do you collect stamps from
I collect stamps from all over the world
why do you do that because eventually I
hope to have a stamp from every country
why do you want all of those stamps well
I think it's because I won't be able to
go to those countries myself Oh what is
another hobby of yours
I collect beer pardon me
you collect beer well actually I collect
beer cans okay
where did you get the cans from hmm
every place that I travel to do you
drink the beer nah I'm not a beer
drinker oh I see what about you what are
your hobbies
well I like to read a lot really what do
you read about I like to read about
bestsellers and I like to read a lot
about science too hey what kind of
science do you read about a variety of
topics but I especially like to read
about nature and about electronics
fascinating why do you like to read so
much well I think it helps me exercise
my brain well that's a good reason
it doesn't make you too tired unit 12
the first time to meet
[Music]
Alex hey hey this is my friend Bob he's
familiar hey um excuse me okay sit down
please
what city in England do you come from I
come from London
have you ever been there no I've never
been I hope to go someday you can if you
have true desire have you been here a
long time I've been here for about seven
years how about you huh I've been here
all my life
why have you stayed here such a long
time I've stayed you for many reasons
stayed for many reasons are you married
yes I am is your wife beautiful would
you like to see a picture of my wife
that would be nice oh she's very lovely
is she from around here
thank you yes she is from here do you
have any children
no no children yet but certainly in the
future where do you work I look at the
newspaper Wow the newspaper what do you
do there
I am a reporter unit 13 what would you
like to do
[Music]
that's part of what's interesting it's
not a consumer model if you will but
instead what we do is we go to the
district I'm bored let's do something
what do you want to do I don't know
anything is fine mmm
let's go see a movie no I went to see
three movies this week three oh why so
many because I was bored all week well
you want to play some sports no I don't
want to play any sports
why not sports are fun well I don't want
to run around and get all hot yeah it's
kind of hot how about shopping you want
to go shopping I like shopping but I
have to watch my money until the end of
the month well we can go eat dinner
dinner is a good idea where would you
like to eat I heard about this new
Japanese restaurant down at the mall huh
is it expensive uh it's not too
expensive but it's not cheap okay well
that sounds good and when we're finished
we can go window-shopping mmm that
sounds like fun
oh and if we want we can play some
indoor air-conditioned sports really
which sport has air conditioning bowling
bowling right great let's go okay
unit 14 coffee or tea
excuse me yes would you like some coffee
or tea while you're waiting hmm yes that
would be lovely thank you
which would you prefer coffee or tea
coffee please and how would you like
your coffee two sugars and some milk
okay I'm sorry but we don't have any
milk this coffee mate alright coffee
coffee mate is fine okay it's one coffee
I'll be right back
oh excuse me yes do you use fresh ground
coffee no we don't we use instant coffee
Nescafe I think I see on second thought
can I have some tea please
yes tea what kind of tea would you like
what kind of tea do you have we have
Earl Grey green tea or Lipton green tea
is Chinese is it not yes I'll try the
green tea okay would you like that iced
or hot iced i sounds nice
okay one is sweet one iced green tea
would you like a cookie cookie no no
thank you
okay how about an apple yes I'd like an
apple one iced green tea and one Apple
I'll be right back unit 15 have you ever
traveled abroad
[Music]
have you ever traveled abroad yes I have
in fact I was born abroad you were born
abroad where were you born I was born in
Japan you're joking no I'm not joking
it's true I was made in Japan do you
speak Japanese no I don't I left when I
was young how old are you I was nine you
were nine years old and you do not speak
Japanese no I was nine months old
Oh what other countries have you been to
huh I went to Mexico how was that it was
great what did you like the best
well the ruins were interesting anything
else do you liked the beaches were nice
where else have you been I lived in
London for one year
really how was that I was only 8 years
old you were 8 years old what were you
doing there I went there with my mother
she was working there of all the
countries you've been to which is your
favorite country Thailand why do you
like Thailand I love Thailand because
the food is delicious and the people are
very friendly unit 16 shopping
hi can I help you yes I'd like to buy a
washing machine okay
which brand would you like I don't care
so much about brands so what are you
looking for I'm looking for your good
price and good functions okay
function and price are important to you
that's right
okay first may I ask you what size
washer do you need what do you mean by
what size washer well like a small size
is four kilos large size is 8 kilos do
you have a medium size sure medium size
is six kilos okay I think I want a
medium size all right and do you want a
one bin or a two bin washer what's the
difference between one bin and two bin
well with a two bin washer you have to
move the clothes to the spinner yourself
and the one thing oh it does it
automatically it's a two-in-one
spin bin oh I understand
which one cleans better they clean the
same really and do the washers cost the
same well the one bin washer is more
expensive but it's simple to use simple
is important well I think I'd like the
one bin washer you know if you like
things simple and easy may I suggest to
you the fuzzy logic function what is the
fuzzy logic fuzzy logic is a special
function
it makes using the washer easier how
does the function work well you put in
your clothes you put in the soap and the
washer does the rest
sounds perfect this is exactly the kind
of washing machine I've been looking for
unit 17 my house was robbed
[Music]
hey did you have a good weekend
no not really no I'm sorry to hear that
what happened during the weekend my
house was robbed your house was robbed
what do you mean I mean I was not there
and someone came and took everything
from my house
someone took everything from your house
that's terrible terrible yes I think so
did they break anything yes they broken
window to get in did they take your
television yes they took the television
did they take the DVD player yes they
took the DVD player did they take your
laptop yes they took the laptop did they
take your clothes yes they no they did
not take my clothes that's because your
clothes are old and out of fashion do
you really think my clothes are old
fashioned yes I do they're very old oh
this is terrible first my house gets
robbed and now my clothes our old
fashioned did you tell the police that
your house was robbed yes I told the
police what did they say they didn't say
much they just took a report unit 18
asking information on
phone hello
hi is this Tina yes it is
who's this this is Alex do you remember
me I'm sorry I do not remember you um
did you come into the CS computer shop
today I went to many shops today where
is yours
our shop is located at the galaxy mall
which floor is your shop on CS computer
is on the third floor oh yes I think I
remember now what is your name again my
name is alex willis of cs computer oh I
remember you now
you were the tall person very handsome
yes that's right you have a good memory
Tina so what can I do for you mr. Willis
do you remember coming into our shop and
asking about a catalogue for computer
games yes I remember asking for the
catalogue you could not find it right I
couldn't find it but you have it now yes
I have the catalogue great would you
like for me to keep it here at the shop
for you no I'm not free to go down there
anytime soon hmm well since you cannot
come to this shop can I send you the
catalogue that would be wonderful
okay may I have your address please
it's 23:07 T Street Sacramento
California nine five six one zero okay
was that 2703 T Street no that's 2 3 0 7
T Street ok I have your address and I'll
send it to you today great thanks
my pleasure mr. Willis yes I often have
questions about computers and games well
you can ask me anything it's my business
thanks for that may I have your phone
number
sure it's zero one eight six seven five
three oh nine call me any time if you
have a question thanks a lot my pleasure
good bye bye bye unit 19 why do you have
a headache
[Music]
honey am home
how are you I'm terrible I have a
headache I'm so sad to hear that what
gives you a headache there are so many
reasons maybe you'll feel better if you
tell me well work is my biggest headache
what is wrong at work it's my boss
he always scolds me why does your boss
scold you
he says I'm lazy and I take too many
breaks well do you take too many breaks
I don't think so well why don't you
ignore your boss I can't ignore him he's
my boss
that's too bad what else gives you a
headache what else gives me a headache
my co-workers my co-workers give me a
headache why do your co-workers give you
a headache because they're always
gossiping do they gossip about you
probably but not to my face that's too
bad what else gives you a headache
driving driving gives me a headache
why does driving give you a headache oh
there's always traffic jams and there's
no place to park why don't you take a
bus to work take a bus to work it's too
crowded and there's never a seat that's
too bad what can you do to get rid of
your headache easy I come home and I see
you
20 what should we get for the party
are you excited to go to the party yes I
am very excited about the party do you
think we should bring something with us
yes I think we should bring a gift or
something what would be good to bring
what about bringing flowers but the
flower shop is so far away can you think
of something else what if we bring some
chips someone else will be bringing
chips can you think of something else
what about bringing food well we don't
have to bring food because there's gonna
be a buffet at the party what about
bringing my music CD collection bringing
a music CD collection is a good idea but
they're gonna have a DJ at the party
what about bringing some playing cards
you don't have to bring playing cards
because there's going to be a mini
casino at the party really there's going
to be a mini casino at the party really
it's true I'm not kidding can you think
of something else
there's only one thing the party does
not have what's that the party does not
have us let's just bring ourselves yeah
so to make these cell just gently put
your tongue between your teeth but
remember your teeth needs to be flat
don't like this don't be like this
no just ok very gentle flat and fool up
your mouth shape like this don't do this
mmm no okay and then and then make the
air through your lips in your tongue oh
sorry your lips and your tongue and your
teeth
okay the air come through there the tips
of the passage between your teeth okay
and then save the word right and the
position of your tongue don't say no
okay so thank you thank you very gentle
okay thank you thank you